Vault Export api changes to add first used timestamp column in query period docs change (#697)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x (rc)/content/api-docs/system/internal-counters.mdx

- This endpoint can be called from all namespaces. The requested namespace will act as a filter. The exported data will include activity for the requested
  namespace and all of its children.

> - `token_creation_time` in the response is a timestamp that represents the earliest token creation time ever recorded for the client, not just within the queried time period. This reflects when the first token for the client was created.

Reviewer: Thoughts on adding a sentence about the field having been renamed?

> This field was named `timestamp` until Vault 1.21, when it was renamed for clarity.

- This endpoint can be called from all namespaces. The requested namespace will act as a filter. The exported data will include activity for the requested
  namespace and all of its children.

> 

Reviewer 2: Why are we documenting the response parameters before we've provided the endpoint path and request parameters?

Author: will add response fields after sample request

> - `token_creation_time` in the response is the creation time of the token that was used by the client to perform the request. This time is distinct from the time the client was created and may lie outside of the queried time period.
>    <Note>
>    This field was renamed to token_creation_time in Vault 1.21. In previous versions, it was called timestamp.
>   </Note>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### Response fields

- `token_creation_time` - the creation time of the token used by the client to
  perform the request (previously `timestamp`). Token creation name is distinct
  from the time the client was created and may lie outside of the queried time
  period.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, avoid calling out explicit version numbers unless strictly required, limit use of asides for information that can/should be part of the main text

> - `client_first_usage_time` in the response is a timestamp that represents the earliest usage of the client during the queried time period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `client_first_usage_time` - timestamp representing the earliest usage of the
  client during the queried time period.
```

> - **`sudo` required** – This endpoint requires `sudo` capability in addition to

Reviewer 2: Suggest deleting the sudo line in favor of using the restricted endpoint partial directly below the "Activity export" heading

  "mount_accessor": "auth_userpass_a005db73",
  "mount_type": "userpass",
  "mount_path": "auth/userpass/",

>   "token_creation_time": "2024-07-10T09:33:51Z",

Reviewer: Maybe make the `token_creation_time` examples 2022, just to illustrate how much earlier they can be relative to `client_first_used_time`?
